Color bar tutorial + corner radius docs (#70)
aseprite/docs: tutorial/color-bar-tutorial.md

## Using the Color Picker and Foreground/Background Colors

To pick the foreground color from the color picker, <kbd>Left Click</kbd> and drag. To pick the background color, <kbd>Right Click</kbd> and drag. You can also change the foreground/background color by clicking on the foreground/background color buttons below the color pickers to open up the sliders menu; dragging the sliders menu into the sprite editor will make it stay open after unfocusing.

![color picking demo](color-bar-article/color-picking.gif)

## Changing the Color Picker Type 

To change the type of color picker, go to the *Options* ![options icon image](color-bar-article/options-icon.png) menu above the palette. The color picker types are located in the fourth section. At the moment, there is only five options available:

* Color Tint/Shade/Tone (HSV)
* Color Spectrum (HSL)
* RGB Color Wheel
* RYB Color Wheel
* Normal Map Color Wheel

![color picker types demo](color-bar-article/color-picker-types.gif)

### Color Wheel Harmonies and Discrete Mode

> The color wheel types have a few extra options: [color harmony](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harmony_(color)) modes and the *Discrete* mode toggle, which splits the color wheel into color sections. They can be acessed from the menu icon in the top righthand corner of the color picker.

Reviewer: Minor typos:
```suggestion
The color wheel types have a few extra options: [color harmony](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harmony_(color)) modes and the *Discrete* mode toggle, which splits the color wheel into color sections. They can be accessed from the menu icon in the top right-hand corner of the color picker.
```

## Using the Palette

To add a color to the palette, click the red icon ![red icon image](color-bar-article/red-icon.png) next to the foreground or background color below the palette. If there isn't a red icon, that means the color has already been added to the palette.

<kbd>Left Click</kbd> a color to select it as the foreground color; <kbd>Right Click</kbd> a color to select it as the background color. To select multiple colors, <kbd>Right or Left Click</kbd> and drag. If a color has a black or white triangle in its top left corner, that means it is selected as the foreground color; if it has a smaller triangle in its bottom left corner, it is selected as the background color. 

To move a color or multiple colors, <kbd>Right or Left Click</kbd> the yellow selection outline and drag.

![changing the palette demo](color-bar-article/selecting-palette.gif)

To duplicate a color or multiple colors, <kbd>Right or Left Click</kbd> the yellow selection outline while holding <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> and drag.

To quickly move between palette colors, you can press <kbd>[</kbd> to move back a color and <kbd>]</kbd> to move forward a color.

> You can change the size of the palette entries by going into the *Options* ![options icon image](color-bar-article/options-icon.png) menu and selecting *Small Size*, *Medium Size*, or *Large Size*.

Reviewer: We can also write about the possibility to use the <kbd>Ctrl + mouse wheel</kbd> to change the palette size.

![edit color demo](color-bar-article/edit-color.gif)

## Loading, Saving, and Creating Palettes

### Loading and Saving with Files

To load a palette from a file, open the *Options* ![options icon image](color-bar-article/options-icon.png) menu and then click on *Load Palette*. To save a palette to a file, open the *Options* menu and then click on *Load Palette*. 

![load palette demo](color-bar-article/load-palette.gif)

### Loading and Saving with Presets

A preset is a palette that is saved in the Aseprite [palettes folder](https://www.aseprite.org/docs/preferences-folder/) or that is added to Aseprite with an [extension](https://www.aseprite.org/docs/extensions/palettes/). Presets can be searched for and loaded within Aseprite, without the need to load a palette from a file.

To load a preset, open the *Presets* ![presets icon image](color-bar-article/presets-icon.png) menu above the palette and search for the name of the palette you want to load, then click on the palette or press the *Load* button in the bottom left corner.

> To save a preset, open the *Options* ![options icon image](color-bar-article/options-icon.png) menu and click on *Save Palette as Preset*. The saved filename will be the name of palette in the *Presets* menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save a preset, open the *Options* ![options icon image](color-bar-article/options-icon.png) menu and click on *Save Palette as Preset*. The saved filename will be the name of the palette in the *Presets* menu. 
```
